# <img title="a title" alt="Alt text" src="https://cartoon-clipart.co/amp/images/hello-kitty-flower.png" width="100" height="100"> Mai's Engineering Journal <img title="a title" alt="Alt text" src="https://cartoon-clipart.co/amp/images/hello-kitty-flower.png" width="100" height="100">

## Sprint 1 Summary
Worked on installing and integrating Gazebo Harmonic, SITL, Maxproxy, and Ardupilot on Ububtu vzn 22.04 and got "iris" and "zephyr" testing simulations to launch. Also wrote the project proposal document. 

## 10/1/2024
- Met with team, PO and GPO <br>
- Scrum master started sprint 2 and allocated tasks to everyone <br>
- Worked on creating documentation for installing Gazebo Harmonic, SITL, Maxproxy, and Ardupilot on Ububtu vzn 22.04 <br>

## 10/3/2024
- Met with our PO and "Grand PO" about what we are working on and what they expect from us <br>
- "GPO" suggested we create a timeline for what we expect to have done at the end of each sprint <br>
- Worked on Gazebo installation documentation <br>
- Created and started filling out my engineering journal <br>

## Sprint 2 Summary
- Worked on the harmonic installation documentation but it did not save so I will redo it on 10/15 <br>
- Due to the hurricane our group members lost power and were unable to work on the project during the whole week <br>

## 10/15/2024
- Met with group members and TA's in LB131 to catch up on what our new requirements are <br>

## 10/17/2024
- Fall break <br>

## 10/22/2024
- Attended United Airlines info session lecture <br>
- Met with our PO and GPO to catch up after Fall break <br>
- Worked on creating presentation slides <br>
- Watched the video tutorials for creating the drone swarm and pulled from iq_tutorials repo <br>
- Installed ROS humble hawksbill <br>

## 10/24/2024
- Attempted to trouble shoot ROS installation in order to launch the drone swarm in Gazebo (still running into issues and will be putting this on hold to prioritize working on the SRS doc) <br>
- Met with PO about what our requirments should be overall for the project and asked what version of ROS they used since the one in the tutorials is incompatible with Ubuntu 22.04 and is also end of life <br>

## 10/29/2024
- Team met up in LB 374 to finish working on the SRS <br>
- Jack and I researched ways to fix our dependecy issues and hopefully found a solution that we will try to implement <br>
- Planned on dividing up the SDD document into sections prior to working on them so that everyone knows what section to work on <br>

## 10/31/2024
- Started working on SDD v1 <br>
- Planned an interview with PO to ask questions related to the project like requirments and scope <br>

## 11/4/2024
- Added some questions to the list for the interview with PO <br>

## 11/5/2024
- Met up with team in a study room to work on completing the SDD (only for the due date to be extended after grinding) <br>

## 11/6/2024 
- Worked on our slide update presentation <br>

## 11/7/2024
- Updated some of the slides for our presentation <br>
- Helped Jack with Ardupilot configuration (bro was using the wrong ubuntu version) <br>
- Watched other groups present their slides <br>

## 11/12/2024
- Presented our slides to the class <br>

## 11/14/2024
- Met with team to start brainstorming our poster <br>
- Talked with Clay about the difference between nonfunctional and functional requirments and how to implement them <br>
- Asked our TA about if there were any non-functional requirments they would like us to include: <br>
    - "Akbas said he will think about it so we can fill it out <br>
          -security is not a priority because it's research focused <br>
          -we can talk about usability/availability <br>
          -open source is a requirement <br>
    - He said he's more focused on the deadline right now" <br>

## 11/19/2024 
- Started working on the poster and divided up sections between the team <br>

## 11/21/2024
- Continued working on the poster - I did problem statement, background, references and acknowledgements and edited a template to create one for us to use in ppt <br>

## 11/26/2024
- Wasn't feeling up to meeting but Jack and I worked on the SRS v2 after reading some of the feedback before class time <br>

## 12/3/2024
- Jack and I went to Michael's to pick up poster boards for our team's poster <br>
- Also picked up poster's for team 1 and 8 <br>
- Team worked on 10 min presentation assignment <br>
- Talked with team over discord instead of in person because I feel sick and don't want to get them sick (Jack and I are roommates so I'm hoping I don't get him sick) <br>
- Started on the Test Plan Doc., editing the title, version, distribution list, and sections 1.1, 1.2, 1.3, 1.7 <br>

## 12/4/2024
- Worked on Test Plan Doc., editing sections 1.7, 1.4, 1.5, 1.6 <br>

## 1/14/2025
- Reevaluated group roles <br>
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Assigned new SRS effect tasks <br>
- Created backup plan <br>

## 1/17/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Installed Julia <br>
- Debug Julia installation to get it to run <br>
- Team got two drone sim online <br>

## 1/21/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Continued to debug Julia <br>
- Team got the lidar and multidrone working <br>

## 1/23/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Continued to debug Julia <br>

## 1/28/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Got Julia to work on my PC <br>
- Communicated with team about next steps <br>

## 1/30/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Tested/ran head on simulations in Julia <br>
- Learned about the parameters in the simulation <br>

## 2/4/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Debugged master file/install mathplotlib <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/6/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/11/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/13/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/18/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/20/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on running round1 headon sims on Python Controller task <br>

## 2/25/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Collaborated with the team on integrating Julia with Python <br>
- Worked on setting up and testing Gazebo simulation environment on Ubuntu 22.04 <br>

## 2/27/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on gui.py <br>

## 3/4/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on round1 sims with Jack <br>

## 3/6/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Discussed with team upgrading to Ubuntu 22.04 to resolve Gazebo compatibility issues <br>

## 3/8 - 3/16 
- Spring Break <br>
- At work <br>

## 3/18/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Back from break, discussed plan for next sprints <br>
- Transitioned from 20.04 to 22.04 <br>

## 3/20/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked with Jim to use his new installation <br>

## 3/25/2025
- Was out of town visiting family over the weekend and got back after class <br>

## 3/27/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Observed Jack's results table <br>

## 4/1/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Discussed the remaining time and assignments/goals left with the team and planned accordingly <br>
- Planned out when to work on the documentation <br>

## 4/3/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on STP v2 and poster v2 <br>

## 4/8/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on STP v2 <br>

## 4/10/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on STP v2 and video v2 script <br>
- The team presented the GUI to PO and TA <br>

## 4/15/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on STP v2 <br>

## 4/17/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Worked on poster v2 <br>

## 4/22/2025
- Met with PO and TA <br>
- Talked about our poster <br>
- Demonstrated video of running the simulation <br>
- Worked on script for video presentation <br>

